July 21, 2016
Brandmuscle
1100 Superior Avenue East, Suite 500
Cleveland, Ohio, 44114

Dear Hiring Manager,

	I was very excited to see the Implementation Services Developer position open as it is in line with my skills, experience and goals.  I would like to learn more about it to see if I might be a good match.  

	I am currently a student at Tech Elevator and soon to graduate. I have noticed in the job description there is  fast-paced and adaptability. In my past experience, I have learned to keep pace and quickly adapt to circumstances. Both of my past experiences with TT Electronics and Tech Elevator could not have summed those qualities greater. Reading the job description has peaked my interest on why I want to get in the technology industry. I am passionate about software and being a part of a vastly growing field. That is why I took it upon myself to collaborate with Tech Elevator and further apply myself to your company. 

	I have the ability to grow with a company and handle projects responsibility.As in my past experience with TT electronics, I solely managed and operated a line of machines in a timely fashion. My past employers were very satisfied with my work rate and I am confident that I can bring the same level of high performance to your company. None the less, after spending a few year working in factories, I realized my true passion was in software technologies.

	Beyond that which is already mentioned in my attached resume, I am someone who knows how to set goals and achieve them. A good example of arised when focusing on time management and accuracy of capstone projects for Tech Elevator. These projects sharpened my ability to conceive, develop, and execute strategies. I feel certain that my strong assets will be utmost useful to your company. 

I hope that you will look favorably upon my application by recognizing my enthusiasm, talents in the field, and my future potential. I am eager to further discuss the scope of this position with you in person, and would welcome the chance of a meeting. My phone number is (440) 521-1166 and my email is ptomem@yahoo.com

Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. 

Yours sincerely,
Tyler Pompeii